docs: document the v1 Materialize CRD and installV1CRD opt-in (#35508)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/self-managed-deployments/upgrading/materialize-instances/v1alpha1.md

Although separating the staging and rollout of the changes into two steps can
minimize unexpected downtime and avoid connection drops at critical periods, you
can, if preferred, combine both operations in a single command

```shell
kubectl patch materialize <instance-name> \
  -n materialize-environment \
  --type='merge' \
  -p "{\"spec\": {\"environmentdImageRef\": \"docker.io/materialize/environmentd:{{< self-managed/versions/get-latest-version >}}\", \"requestRollout\": \"$(uuidgen)\"}}"
```

#### Using YAML Definition

Alternatively, you can update your Materialize custom resource definition directly:

```yaml
apiVersion: materialize.cloud/v1alpha1
kind: Materialize
metadata:
  name: 12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012
  namespace: materialize-environment
spec:
  environmentdImageRef: materialize/environmentd:{{< self-managed/versions/get-latest-version >}} # Update version as needed
  requestRollout: 22222222-2222-2222-2222-222222222222    # Use a new UUID
  forceRollout: 33333333-3333-3333-3333-333333333333      # Optional: for forced rollouts
  inPlaceRollout: false                                   # In Place rollout is deprecated and ignored. Please use rolloutStrategy

>   rolloutStrategy: WaitUntilReady                         # The mechanism to use when rolling out the new version. Can be WaitUntilReady or ImmediatelyPromoteCausingDowntime

Reviewer: This comment lists only two strategies, but `ManuallyPromote` is documented just below. Suggest including it for completeness (the v1 page has the same comment and could be updated to match):

```suggestion
  rolloutStrategy: WaitUntilReady # The mechanism to use when rolling out the new version. Can be WaitUntilReady, ImmediatelyPromoteCausingDowntime, or ManuallyPromote
```

  backendSecretName: materialize-backend
```

Apply the updated definition:

```shell
kubectl apply -f materialize.yaml
```

## Rollout Configuration

### `requestRollout`

Specify a new `UUID` value for the `requestRollout` to roll out the changes to
the Materialize instance.

{{< note >}}

`requestRollout` without the `forcedRollout` field only rolls out if changes
exist to the Materialize instance. To roll out even if there are no changes to
the instance, use with `forcedRollouts`.

{{< /note >}}

```shell
# Only rolls out if there are changes
kubectl patch materialize <instance-name> \
  -n <materialize-instance-namespace> \
  --type='merge' \
  -p "{\"spec\": {\"requestRollout\": \"$(uuidgen)\"}}"
```
#### `requestRollout` with `forcedRollouts`

Specify a new `UUID` value for `forcedRollout` to roll out even when there are

> no changes to the instance. Use `forcedRollout` with `requestRollout`.

Reviewer: Field-name typo: the field is `forceRollout`, not `forcedRollout`/`forcedRollouts` (confirmed against the CRD schema; the `kubectl patch` example on line 144 already uses the correct `forceRollout`). The same typo appears in the note above (lines 122 and 124) and in the section heading on line 135 — worth correcting those too.

```suggestion
Specify a new `UUID` value for `forceRollout` to roll out even when there are
no changes to the instance. Use `forceRollout` with `requestRollout`.
```
